---
Help: Requirements without any visible SQL
LastModifyingUser: six42
Test
---
#Copyright (C) 2015 by six42, All rights reserved. Contact the author via http://github.com/six42
#
Requirements should not contain SQL code:

 * Not everybody understands SQL commands. But you want that the requirements can be understood by anybody.
 * The SQL Code can change if a different implementation is chosen. But the requirements should not change in this case. They should be independent of the implementation.
 
This can be achieved easily with JdbcSlim.

Lets rewrite the first example with Ben and Sarah but write it in less technical terms.   
The SQL Code can be moved into a seperate SetUp page.

!include -c >SqlSetUp


!3 1 Preparing test data

Find the ID of users named Ben and Sarah which should move. 
We store the Id of the users in a Slim Symbol '$TestID' for future reference.


!|find test users|
|ID?       |NAME |
|$TestID=  |Ben  |
|$TestID2= |Sarah|

Before we proceed we validate that Ben and Sarah still live in the old Cities: Denver and Paris

!|check first city of users|
|ID            |CITY?      |
|$TestID       |Denver     |
|$TestID2      |Paris      |


!3 2 Execution some business functions

Here calls to your business code will go.
A simple update statement which can do the job is given below.
!|relocate users         |
|ID      |NewCITY |Count?|
|$TestID |HongKong|1     |
|$TestID2|Tokyo   |1     |


!3 3 Validating the impact on the test data

Finally we check that Ben now lives in Hong Kong and Sarah in Tokyo

!|Check city after relocation|
|ID            |CITY?        |
|$TestID       |HongKong     |
|$TestID2      |Tokyo        |

!include -c >SqlTearDown

!contents -R2 -g -p -f -h