---
LastModifyingUser: six42
Test
---
#Copyright (C) 2015 by six42, All rights reserved. Contact the author via http://github.com/six42
#
The Header line of each SQL Command Table contains input and output columns.
Like in a [[!-DecisionTable-!][.FitNesse.UserGuide.WritingAcceptanceTests.SliM.DecisionTable]] output columns are marked with a question mark.
All columns without a question mark are input columns.

If the table has one ore more input columns the SQL command is executed '''once for each line''' in the table and the command must return '''exactly one''' result row. 

Before each execution a string replacement happens. Any occurrence of a column name between percent signs is replaced with the actual value of the column.
 
 
Lets take an example. 

!| SQLCommand|TestDatabase|select City from TestData where ID ='%ID%'|
|ID          |CITY?                                                  |
|2           |Denver                                                 |
|5           |Paris                                                  |

The above table has one input column ID and one output column CITY.
For the first line the code: ''select City from TestData where ID ='2' '' will be executed and in the result set a column CITY is expected and the value is compared to 'Denver'
For the first line the code: ''select City from TestData where ID ='5' '' will be executed and in the result set a column CITY is expected and the value is compared to 'Paris'

If the table has no input columns the SQL command is executed only once. 
The result set can have more than one row and is compared against all rows in the table.

!| SQLCommand|TestDatabase|select ID, City from TestData where ID in ('2','5')|
|ID?         |CITY?                                                           |
|2           |Denver                                                          |
|5           |Paris                                                           |

Further Reading:
!contents -R2 -g -p -f -h

  
