---
LastModifyingUser: six42
Test
---
#Copyright (C) 2015 by six42, All rights reserved. Contact the author via http://github.com/six42
#
The SQL Command can be called with 1, 2 or 3 constructor parameters

!3 Constructor with one parameter
In this case the parameter must be the name of a configuration either defined in a file or a table.
In addition the configuration must contain a "CMD" key with the sql code.
!|Define Properties|AllInOne                                          |
|key               |value                                             |
|.include          |TestDatabase                                      |
|cmd               |select ID, NAME from TestData where Name ='%NAME%'|

!| SQLCommand|AllInOne|
|ID?         |NAME    |
|$TestID=    |Ben     |
|$TestID2=   |Sarah   |

!3 Constructor with two parameter
In this case the first parameter must be the name of a configuration either defined in a file or a table.
The second parameter must be the SQL code to be executed.

SQL Query  only with Header with Input and Output Columns and with expected value 
!| SQLCommand|TestDatabase|!-select * from TestData
where ID = '%ID%'-!|                 |
|ID|Name?|Phone?|City?|Profession?|
|3 |Tom  |      |     |           |

!3 Constructor with three parameter
In this case the first parameter must be the name of a configuration either defined in a file or a table.
The second parameter must be the SQL code to be executed
The third parameter can contain a list of further configuration parameters. The elements must be separated by spaces.
 
!| SQLCommand|TestDatabase|select ID,Name from TestData where ID in('3','5')|SORT=true debug=true|
|ID?<        |NAME?                                                                              |
|3           |Tom                                                                                |
|5           |Sarah                                                                              |

