---
LastModifyingUser: six42
Test
---
#Copyright (C) 2015 by six42, All rights reserved. Contact the author via http://github.com/six42
#
Instead of creating a new connection for each SQL command table a connection can also be reused.

Add the property '''DBConnection''' to your configuration and give the connection a unique name.
The connection stays now open and will be reused for all SQL statements which have the same DBConnection property.
IMPORTANT: Don't forget to close the connection at the end of your tests and remove it from the internal list of available connections.

!3 Define a connection and assign it a name with the '''DBConnection''' key.

!|Define Properties|NamedConnection|
|key               |value          |
|.include          |TestDatabase   |
|DBConnection      |TestConnection |

!3 The connection will be opened at the first usage
!| SQLCommand|NamedConnection|select ID, NAME from TestData where Name ='%NAME%'|
|ID?         |NAME                                                              |
|2           |Ben                                                               |
|5           |Sarah                                                             |

!3 This will reuse the connection. Apart from the DBConnection name no further property is required.
!|Define Properties|ReuseConnection|
|key               |value          |
|DBConnection      |TestConnection |
|CMD               |               |
 
!| SQLCommand|ReuseConnection|select ID, NAME from TestData where Name ='%NAME%'|
|ID?         |NAME                                                              |
|2           |Ben                                                               |
|5           |Sarah                                                             |

!3 Close the connection and remove it from the list of available connections
!|Script: SQLCommand|ReuseConnection|
|closeConnection                    |
|removeConnection   |TestConnection |

!3 Another access to the connection will fail
!| comment: SQLCommand|ReuseConnection|select ID, NAME from TestData where Name ='%NAME%'|
|ID?                  |NAME                                                              |
|                     |Ben                                                               |
|                     |Sarah                                                             |
