---
LastModifyingUser: six42
Test
---
#Copyright (C) 2015 by six42, All rights reserved. Contact the author via http://github.com/six42
#
Tests should be focused on requirements and in business users language.
On the other hand to implement the tests often additional configuration data is required.
To keep these separate '''Define Properties''' can be used.
They are like property files used commonly in Java.
They define key value pairs of strings

Define Properties have the following advantages:
* Properties can be defined on Wiki pages
* Properties can be defined in files
* Multiple property definitions can be merged into one big definition
* Properties like passwords can be encrypted
* A summary of all definitions can be added to the test results to track how the test was performed
* Slim Symbols or Wiki Variables can be used to switch between different sets of properties 


!contents -R2 -g -p -f -h

This page tests the combination of properties definition on this Fitnesse test page plus in a properties file. From the file again a definition 
on the wiki page is referenced.

The definitions are then used/printed in a Sheet Fixture to confirm the correctness.

The following rules applies
 * In files lines or keys starting with "#" are comments and will be ignored
 * All keys are trimmed and converted to lower case 
 * If multiple entries for the same key exist only the value from the last one will remain
 * A key ".include" will add the content of "Sheet Definition Fixture" whose name matches the value. If such a definition doesn't exist content from a file with this name will be included. If no such file can be found the test will fail with an exception.  
 * A key ".keyStoreLocation" will load a file with a different encryption key
 * Values which must span multiple lines can be inserted in files between triple quotes """. See sample file below.

To test this page you need a file with the following content:

!*** File Content
Version=v20131230

jdbcDriver=com.sybase.jdbc4.jdbc.SybDriver
DBURL=jdbc:sybase:Tds:localhost/master
DBUSER=sa
#Use the Encrypt.bat tool to encrypt the password and store the encrypted PW here
DBPASSWORD=password
#include again content from this wiki page
.include=SubDefinition
# Below text is spanning multiple lines
multiLine="""
Line1
Line2
Line3
"""
nextKey=Something Else
***!

The file must be named as defined in the following variable:
!define DefinitionFileName (${TestDbPath}definition.properties)



!|Define Properties|TopDefinition                       |
|key               |value                               |
|cmd               |myCommand with %NAME%, %CITY%, %AGE%|
|DEBUG             |                                    |
|COMMAND           |YES                                 |
|.include          |${DefinitionFileName}               |
|multiLine2                                             |!-Hello
World-!| 

The below "SubDefinition" will be included from the above file 


!|Define Properties|SubDefinition              |
|key               |value                      |
|SORT              |1,2,3,4                    |
|format.date       |YYYY-MM-DD                 |
|version           |OverwrittenFromSubDefintion|

Check that all the content is now available
!| Table: SheetCommandBase|TopDefinition      |      |SORT     |
|Key?<1                   |Value?                              |
|cmd                      |myCommand with %NAME%, %CITY%, %AGE%|
|command                  |YES                                 |
|dbpassword               |password                            |
|dburl                    |jdbc:sybase:Tds:localhost/master    |
|dbuser                   |sa                                  |
|debug                    |                                    |
|format.date              |YYYY-MM-DD                          |
|jdbcdriver               |com.sybase.jdbc4.jdbc.SybDriver     |
|multiline                                                     |!-Line1
Line2
Line3-!|
|multiline2|!-Hello
World-!|
|nextkey|Something Else             |
|sort   |                           |
|version|OverwrittenFromSubDefintion|
